So now that we learned that Chrome is a decent choice for testing the web manifest,
let's see how we can test it there.
I already have the developer tools open and you should do the same, if you don't have them up right now,
you can open them via the menu here in the top right,
then more tools and then developer tools or the shortcut which is displayed next to it.
So there you have the developer tools and I recommend switching device mode because this looks
a bit more
web app-like, I guess. There you will find this application tab
and this is all about web apps or progressive web apps to be precise.
So click it and there are a lot of things we will cover throughout the course like service workers,
for now let's have a look at the manifest part here.
Now if you reload your application, it should detect the app manifest. It points to the path,
here you see the name and the short name, the start URL, the theme color you've chosen, the background
color, orientation standalone and the icons it identified.
This is a good part of the browser or a good way of testing if it actually was detected correctly, if
you have any syntax errors in there or if it works.
Now with that, we can see that it was detected correctly
but of course it would be nice to see how it looks like on a real native device,
keep in mind, that's just a browser simulating a device here from a display perspective.
We would like to see it really being added to the home screen of a real device,
so let me show you how to test it on a real device in the next video.